c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.exe
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.deps.json
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.pdb
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Hangfire.AspNetCore.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Hangfire.Core.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Hangfire.NetCore.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Hangfire.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.CommandLine.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.EnvironmentVariables.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.UserSecrets.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Console.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.EventSource.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\ca\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\de\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\es\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\fa\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\fr\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\nb\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\nl\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-BR\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt-PT\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\pt\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\sv\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\tr-TR\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh-TW\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\zh\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net9.0\System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.Domain.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.Domain.pdb
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerSe.C068770D.Up2Date
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\WorkerService.dll
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.pdb
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\WorkerService.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\WorkerService.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Azure.Core.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Azure.Identity.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.ClientModel.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\hvita\Projetos\VisualCodeProjects\C# Projects\DDD\ConceptSolution\WorkerService\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
